Hi - I am trying to get in touch with Guillem. 

I am a moderator at the reddit soccer community. We are a community
forum of 70 thousand subscribers and over 500 thousand visitors per
month who discuss football/soccer. You can find us here:

http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer

Reddit is a social news site with 'subreddit' - meaning sub-communities.
Wikipedia has a good introduction of what reddit is, if you are not
familiar with it:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reddit

With the season coming up, we are arranging Q&A threads with notable
football journalists and sources. Reddit is famous for its 'AMA' threads
- meaning 'Ask Me Anything':

http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA

Recent AMA subjects have included a NASA astronaut, Louis CK, Jimmy
Kimmel, Ron Paul, Stephen Colbert, etc. Forbes wrote about the
phenomenon of the reddit AMA here:

http://www.forbes.com/sites/ryanholiday/2012/05/01/inside-the-reddit-ama-the-interview-revolution-that-has-everyone-talking/

We would love to run an AMA with Guillem in our soccer subreddit. The
soccer subreddit is the largest sports community on reddit and has
thousands of daily users, most of whom are very intelligent and
constructive. 

Timing would be flexible. All that it would require is creating an
account on reddit (click 'login or register' in the top-right of the
homepage: http://www.reddit.com/), and then going into the soccer
subreddit (http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer) and clicking on 'submit a
link' in the navigation bar on the right-hand side.

I could setup the submission for you, if you send me a username, and you
could participate in the comments. We could link to your
homepage/twitter. The questions to expect would be from all over. User
usually submit a question and then they are voted on by other users,
with the most voted on questions going to the top of the discussion
thread. You can choose to answer or not, and in your own way. Our users
are from all over the world and vary greatly. There are a dozen or so
moderators on the soccer subreddit who keep comments in line and approve
submitted content.

If you are available to do this we would really appreciate it, I could
help you out with any part of the process of signing up for the site,
how to find threads, answering questions, etc.

Thank you and regards,

nik
